Link echolevels in docs (#1201)
OSOceanAcoustics/echopype: docs/source/processing-levels.md

# Echosounder data processing levels

The decades-long experience from the satellite remote sensing community has shown that a set of robust and well-articulated definitions of "data processing levels" {cite}`weaver_2014` can lead directly to broad and highly productive use of data. Processing level designations also provide important context for data interpretation {cite}`hills_2015`. However, no such community agreement exists for echosounder data. Improving the interoperability and inter-comparability of processed echosounder data products will likely facilitate efficient collaboration and integrative use of the rapidly growing data archive across research institutions and agencies.

> To help address this gap, the echopype team is developing a clearly defined progression of echosounder data, by leveraging the collective experience from remote sensing and large-scale, long-term ocean and ecological observatories.

Author: ```suggestion
To help address this gap, the echopype team is developing a clearly defined set of progression of echosounder data processing levels, by leveraging the collective experience from remote sensing and large-scale, long-term ocean and ecological observatories.
```

> See the [echolevels](http://echolevels.readthedocs.io/) document for the current status, and please chime in with any [input or questions via GitHub issues](https://github.com/uw-echospace/data-processing-levels/issues/new).

Author: ```suggestion
Check out the [echolevels](http://echolevels.readthedocs.io/) document for the current status, and please chime in with any [input or questions via GitHub issues](https://github.com/uw-echospace/data-processing-levels/issues/new)!
```
